Chinf, I confess
You became a Chinese worker at a young age
Chief Engineer of Chengyuan
There is some level
But don't take us all for fools.
The machine also said that the machine is like a mobile phone
Able to predict sky loads
With just one machine
How is it possible to predict the global sky load?
It's both fundamental and technological.
Impossible
Breeze
Do you think we will believe your nonsense?
You just happened to encounter an earthquake and tsunami
You give all the credit to your phone.
Also use your robot
Do you think we are fools?
Qingfeng, you can fool ordinary people
That Mr. Koizumi is a Nobel Prize winner
He can see through your tricks at a glance
What does it have to do with me whether you believe it or not?
Qingfeng, what do you mean by this cold talk?
Aren't you just afraid?
The more afraid he is, the more he is allowed to prove
Yes!
Before that, it was said that this machine could rain away natural disasters
Strive for power up to 99%
Why don't you predict again?
Let's all check it out
Why not?
Squad leader, we want to specify the forecast location
Old West, you're just smart
This will only prevent them from having rubber bands and fists.
Deceived us
Then let you specify the prediction location
So make a prediction.
When will the volcano on our island erupt?
Your island
The country's volcanic reconstruction project is coming to an end
How could it erupt?
Didn't you mean to embarrass always Qin?
Well, since they want to know
So let's make a prediction and show them.
Xiaoxue
Predict when the island nation's volcano will erupt
Good master
The volcano in the host island country erupts in 10 minutes